Steve Dorsey I'm Shepard prior to the
first world cafe in Windermere with with
Lakeland I was I'm also consulting chef
and do various projects around the
country and at the moment I'm working on
the project ask him Hall yeah
just outside Penrith so I went to South
for college two years there we really
loved it and went to London when I was
18 and I started to Savoy Hotel under
the illustrious Ivana Trump Etta was no
longer with us
he was an inspiration if you got a good
morning out of him you knew he's good
books and while I was there I met a
young lad who was cooking at Waterside
Inn I said I fancy working for the
rubriz and he said well writing the
letter I said now I'll never get a job
you says write the letter so I did I've
got an interview and I started the gab
rush in September of 1978 stay with the
Roos for almost 14 years in various
various guises from started off as a
most junior body in the kiff's nagar
brush made up to sous chef then head
chef and then I became group executive
chef Robert mckameys consultant chef of
various projects in Europe and then 21
years ago I decided to neither up race
in London and move up here to sunny
Cumbria I met with Charlie now that
there's the last son of the previous
Lord longsdale
and I first I spent six months in his
pub the Georgian Dragon which is the
sister business to Western Hall and how
about putting his feet when a couple of
major or accolades when I was in there
and then Charles asked me would I get
asked more off the ground so I said sure
so I planned the kitchens plan the
initial menus to come the two young
chefs were working over in the main hall
and I set up the function room the cafe
which is worse at today and amazing
success
weddings 2014 sold out 2015 sold out I'm
already halfway sold after 2016
I think part of that as the iconic
nature of the business but we're not
gonna have to say we're knocking out
fabulous food for these weddings so
that's what that's what brings me a
Temescal in the moment people talk about
seasonality now but I've been cooking
seasonally for the last 35 years I mean
any any chef worth worth his salt would
be cooking seasoning we get amazing
rhubarb and this in the springtime
you've seen the pollen tunnels we've got
all kinds of self-sustainable in in
salads through the summertime this year
we've gone right until getting a
November old stalin's and herbs which is
wonderful so it's wonderful
mysteries it's really really crucial
yeah so this the scone recipe I tried it
once with the middle and product and it
worked I've never had to retrial it we
use it here at Ostrom Hall and the first
for cafe Windermere we're doing one
hundred hundred and twenty seconds a day
with very discerning people who after a
cracking Scott so if we had a problem
we're certainly know about it but
meadowland is absolutely perfect for
that particular recipe I still enjoy
cooking fifty fifty seven years old in
January to old to do a regular service I
mean we all know that it's a young man's
game but I still enjoyed doing you know
the function side here which is great
you know we're just doing like one
service for a couple of hours that's
fine I'm you know a couple of days doing
the prep you're my oh my oh my assisting
plate so I still get a great a great
buzz of satisfaction